plus
hello friends welcome to this new
virtual class in which I propose a
series of exercises that will help us
develop our muscle memory
precision the resistance and in last
instance the speed at the time of
move around our kit
I usually change quite a bit of
battery configuration and to help me
to feel comfortable the different
situations I usually think of figures
related to movement and
sound I want to play this video
it does not pretend to be any dogma I
I will show for a standard configuration
but you will have to adapt it to
our situation and need you must be
creative I will give you some guidelines so that
you develop your own
exercises I think it's important to explain
what are the fundamental principles
when designing these exercises the
first is the relax we should be
always as relaxed as possible though
this implies giving up in speed the
main objective of these exercises
is to move comfortably through the kit the
speed is something secondary nonetheless
can be used to write it but
always with the principle of maximum relaxation
the second principle is that we have to
maintain our position and despite
move in different directions by
we should not perform kettledrums
strange movements or necessary for
do what
the third principle is one of consistency with
we must isolate ourselves and work
each of the figures separately to
different speeds and at the time of
configure a global exercise we will have
keep in mind which is the one that limits
our speed there will be figures that
we can do 220 and others that only
we reached 130 150 those determined the
maximum speed of the global exercise
also if we want to do an exercise of
resistance what we should do is
go down a bit more to be able to
keep us the room longer
principle called them 11 means
that we will only do simple hits one with
the right and one with the left in the
fifth principle is that there are no
Crosses of hands for this we will use three
blows in the same drum that we
will allow to change direction
comfortably
plus
yes
these forms are just the point of
split the Jewish rule the beginning is
they must break and you must
develop your own exercises
remember to be creative there are multiple
forms and possibilities for example if
we vary the direction of the horseshoe
we could have one or one make a c
inverted
there are more ways than what I propose
you can move in horizontal lines
horizontals in triangles for example
sure that you think of
other ways we can break one of the
standards and for example have crosses
we can also break the hands rule
11 that is, we can use rudiments
for example the palate the simple
and also we could change the
subdivision and used sixteenths
but we could use 6 if you use it
that you want
surely you can come up with more ideas
other examples the case is to design
your own exercise that fits
to your own needs and
situations I hope you liked
do not forget to subscribe and the memory
how can you continue on facebook twitter
youtube and in me of course in my
personal page thank you very much